added grad_fn kwarg to QNGOptimizer.step_and_cost and .step (#1487)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Improvements</h3>

> * The `step` and `step_and_cost` methods of the `QNGOptimizer` now accept a custom `grad_fn`
>   with which the gradient then is computed.
>   [(#1487)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1487)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `step` and `step_and_cost` methods of `QNGOptimizer` now accept a custom `grad_fn`
  keyword argument to use for gradient computations.
  [(#1487)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1487)
```
